---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "Daily Saturday : 2023-05-06"
category: Daily
date: 2023-05-06
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1680871148780-7774a789a369?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for 2023-05-06
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

- 9:00am - Going to miss this amazing breakfast place, for under $3 or 200 Rupees, I get nearly a full course meal. It keeps me fed throughout the day but damn them eggs do produce some deadly methane gas xD
- 9:30am - Restoring the `asset.astro` and the `media.astro` paths to avoid some broken links when navigating through the menu on the main website.
- 10:30am - Read this great article from [SemiAnalysis No Moat](https://www.semianalysis.com/p/google-we-have-no-moat-and-neither) that goes over the lack of a moat from Google / OpenAI within the eco-system of Ai/mL, yet this can have some issues further down the line, including investment and capital markets, whom bet on companies being able to `secure` a moat. I believe that a hybrid source movement will remain the best course of action as of right now.
- 11:00am - Currently looking up the works of `Ursula K. Le Guin` and her universe of `Hainish Cycle` because she coined the term `Ansible`. The first piece of her work that I am going to read while taking this rickshaw is `Winter's King`. 
- 3:00pm - Currently on my last interview for a new job that I might start in June! I am excited but I might also decline because the amount of pay is not worth the amount of work that they might demand. We shall see, I usually enjoy working for startups but seeing how they conduct their interviews and testing has been very off-putting. I might also not get the job because I did decline to sign any NDAs until I felt more confident with the company.
- 9:00pm - Going to start to integrate Rive into the Flutter application! I have had great experience with Lottie but I been finding that they have a bit too limited animations for my taste and I do not feel like integrating React into Flutter at this time. If everything works out as planned, then I will remove Lottie from the `kbve.com` source and replace it with Rive as well.

## Quote

> Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
> — <cite>Laozi</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ] Double check AirIndia tickets.
- [ ] Dentist checkup.
- [ ] Tiles for the new bathroom.
- [ ] Adding Jio sim card for UPI.
- [ ] Bulk ordering glasses.