---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "Daily Wednesday : 2023-05-24"
category: Daily
date: 2023-05-24
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1682271315884-a211194fbef9?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for 2023-05-24
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

- 9:00am - It's hump day! Time to get cracking at the general vibes of Memegramming. 
- 3:00pm - Time to crack the fingers and get into the full programming flow! I think I will do a quick rush of getting all of the scrapper running and at the same time, do some quick unity too!+
- 4:45pm - Going through all the unity files and decided that it might not be worth the time to update the packages. This would just break a couple of the core features and concepts within the game, which we do not want to do right now. While it is great to have some of the plugins handle the character model, world building, ect.. the draw back is that their updates have game breaking changes and sometimes it is a pain to fix through them.
- 7:00pm - I will start to go through and break down two specific file types, the first will be the GlobalValue.cs and the other will be the PlayerStats.cs. My first train of thought would be to see exactly how the player model is currently reacting within the environment and how it is setup within the whole game. I suppose one additional area would be to see how the character reacts with an online API, however I will make sure the game can be played without having the need to use an active internet connection. 
- 9:30pm - Okay besides AppWrite
## Quote

> Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
> — <cite>Francis of Assisi</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [x] Take out trash
- [ ] Finish Unity API Login - Not Done, pushing it till next day.