---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "May : 23"
category: Daily
date: 2023-05-23
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1684489453381-0547f9137387?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for 2023-05-23
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

### 2023

- 6:00am - I got the notification of the $SPY assignment, so besides getting ready for the market, I need to do some quick workouts. I might take a nap because I am tired doe!
- 9:00am - City vote does need a new website, layout and a general sense of direction. The best move to make would be to get the initial foundation and business plan laid out. The scope of the plan should include the basic cashflow, growth and purpose of the website.
- 11:00am - Rebuilt my scan setup, with the files being automatically stored into Google Drive. One of the other areas that I was looking into was setting OCR, so that every file that I scan would automatically generate a document with OCR. The problem that I was facing right now was getting it to perform a bit better? It would have some issues with characters, even though they were printed? This means either the OCR software is a bit outdated or maybe I need to create an All in One / AiO type setup. I think after I finish up the Cityvote and have a bit more time on my hands, I will have that be my next project, an open source OCR software that uses multiple libraries and some machine learning to get the based position markdown output from any document and/or image. 
- 3:00pm - I will be looking through, reading and learning how to build async constructors in JavaScript for most of the night. Boring!

## Quote

> There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
> — <cite>Charles Dickens</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [x] Help family member with Medicare.
- [x] Lawn care.