---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "June : 12"
category: Daily
date: 2023-06-12
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1685985081360-1d6021f77bc7?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for June, 12 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

### 2023
- 11:00am - Waiting to transfer out a couple hundred grand from the recent sale of tesla stocks. I ended up exiting 600 shares and plan to transfer the move to another brokerage. 
- 5:00pm - It seems that my grandpa's visa for India has some issues, so I shall try and resolve the issue as fast as I can. The documents requested are as following:
	- Medical Certificate
	- Request Letter
	- Undertaking Letter
	- Travel Document
	- Certificate
	- Minor Document
	- Visa
	- Others*
- 5:45pm - I should further breakdown the different components but there are some additional steps that need to be done.
	- `Photo and Document(s) upload are mandatory`.
		- There are a couple file formats that they support, it seems to be mainly PDF and JPEG.
	- `Applicant must upload the photo before proceeding for appointment. `
		- We will schedule the appoint within the city of Vadodada
	- `Size of PDF document must be less than 200KB`
	- `Photo Requirements:` which extends into `Format - JPEG, Size: Minimum 10 KB and Maximum 1 MB.` They go further into detail about how the photo should be a passport photo with a  `white background` with no cropping / shadows.
- 5:55pm - Quickly made a salad before I start to dive deeper into the full requirements. I will start with the `Medical Certificate`, which we already have, its in PDF format and is a total collection of all my grandpa's recent hospital checkups and doctor feedback. I think this collection should be enough under this requirement. 
- 6:00pm - Next, I will tackle both of the letters, `Request` and `Undertaking`, by quickly looking up examples from the Internet. It is a shame that the Reddit blackouts are making it a bit more painful to search through, I had to resort to looking at the cache / older screenshots, but I suppose that means their protest method is definitely working. I was able to find this amazing website, [Indian E Visa](https://indiaevisas.org/indian-visa-extension-online-application/) that provides the perfect set of examples and samples to help navigate through this process.
## Quote

> In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
> — <cite>Johann Wolfgang von Goethe</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]