---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "June : 14"
category: Daily
date: 2023-06-14
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1685630248371-9d42fd97f52f?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for June, 14 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

- 6:00am - Rise and Shine! Today will be an amazing day! I did not get as much sleep as I had hoped but I am feeling empowered and ready to tackle the world! 
- 8:00am - Going to take a break from the internet for a while, time to touch some grass.
- 2:00pm - Back from my break, time to get to work. I believe today's goal will be to get OneJS operational within the main branch of RogueJester and then start to fix up the UI/UX of the game, with something that will be a bit smoother on the eyes. 
- 3:00pm - Had to put the development stuff on hold because I need to call the Medicare office for my family friend. I need to figure out what type of insurance she has through Medicare? I am taking on this task as a test case / edge case for future problems that I might have to deal with. The queue is way too long, the hold music is painful and it feels like torture when calling Medicare aka the `1-800-633-4227`. 
- 3:30pm - Turns out that we need to find her comprehensive supplemental insurance through the private market. This type of insurance would cover the 20% of the medical bill that Medicare does not cover, but there is a monthly cost for this type of private insurance. I will have to go through the existing providers and see which one would be the best for her.
- 6:40pm - Updated the OneJS and Heathen SteamWorks into the dev-holy branch, now I am going to chill out and play some sessions of League.
- 9:30pm - Did a bit of cleaning, removed a decent amount of bulk waste from the shed, basement and the guest room. Now I back to the basic of Unity while I train up my OSRS account!

## Quote

> I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better.
> — <cite>Henry David Thoreau</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]