---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "June : 16"
category: Daily
date: 2023-06-16
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1684868623430-aa353b5da28d?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for June, 16 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

### 2023
- 8:00am - Need to change my sheets again, damn weather is wild. In the summer heat, I am thinking every week the sheets might have to be changed.
- 10:00am - I might be assigned on a couple call options for TSLA again this week! I will have to be very careful and maybe roll them out for another week, the premium of a couple hundred will be helpful to offset the RogueJester costs. 
- 1:30pm - Watching episode 8 of the Silo and doing some quick updates to the webmaster tool. I am currently thinking to just get a basic tool out there and then over time expand it to include various services. 
- 5:00pm - Grabbed a quick burger with @Mrock and we went over the GoPro equipment for a future session / podcast? This is still something that is in the works, but I am thinking we could some random events / stream some meme-style content and see where it goes from there? For the burger, we went to a local joint known as 30 Burgers! I went with my usual 12, which is a bacon & egg burger and he had gotten the 7. We would say they were a solid 7 out of 10, there could have been some improvements, the burger size was just a bit too small from my point of view.
- 11:00pm - The basics of the webmaster tool is ready for a quick test casing, however I was unable to get the storage (`nanostores`) to work as intended. One of the concepts that I was thinking was to store the domains inside of the local storage and then call it via tasks.

## Quote

> The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
> — <cite>Ben Stein</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [x] Launch initial webmaster tool onto the main KBVE website.
- [x] Begin migration towards the vCluster within the production-2 dedicated server.
- [x] Grab food with @MRock and do a quick podcast session.