---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "June : 13"
category: Daily
date: 2023-06-13
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1684331441167-4aeafe9edf2b?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for June, 13 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

### 2023

- 9:00am - Today's market is going to be interesting, I really hope to see a dip but it could go any direction based off of what the feds say!
- 10:00am - I started to watch the apple tv show, Silo and damn it is giving me some interesting game development vibes and concepts. The show is really well written so far and I am enjoying all the characters so far! I blew through the first couple episodes without even realizing it.
- 11:00am - Going to take a nap for a while, I been up all night programming.
- 2:00pm - Decided to take a quick break and visit a car dealership for my mom's new car. We are looking at a 2021 or newer model of an Acura MDX. The current price point is around $48,000 for their `Tech` package. Personally I would want them to switch over to electric but they are still on the fence with it. The 2024 models that we want have a mild waiting period of about 4 months and pre-owned that are certified are around $41,000. I am going to continue to search through different offers, I might just offer around $35,000 and see if they have anything within their system that fits the price point. I will take a model with a couple thousand miles on it, if I can get it at a decent rate. 
- 4:30pm - Looks like my SPY put has expired and my TSLA puts are going to expire as well. I am thinking of rolling them into next week and collect that $1000~ premium. I might also sell another couple cover calls on TSLA going into next week, if this run continues.
- 5:00pm - Going to get a bit deeper into the development cycle of RogueJester, but I am definitely feeling a bit of project overload already. I might have to switch up my work station and maybe migrate over to a coffee shop or café. A part of me is thinking of just driving to the beach and working from a boardwalk for a couple hours. 
- 5:30pm - Appwrite Integration has replaced the Strapi Integration! Now I am going to test case some basic examples and see if I can play. One of the issues that I am currently facing is the Coroutine / Asynchronous problem but there are enough reference points to resolve it. 

## Quote

> Truth is powerful and it prevails.
> — <cite>Sojourner Truth</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]