---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "July : 07"
category: Daily
date: 2023-07-07
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1685788769454-e6fe5f7b4d55?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for July, 07 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

### 2023
- 6:00am - After my early morning ritual, I figured it might make sense to do some updates across the board for various projects. I will push through some of the general updates and then sync the repo before I grab my mini-laptop.
- 6:30am - Pushing the sync command and taking a nice break from the house! Early morning touch grass sessions are so relaxing and fun, a great way to start the day.
- 8:00am - While I am in the zone, I am going to layout an effective game plan for myself to quickly do sprints in the form of post-it style issue tickets. I am thinking to compile almost every issue within KBVE, projects and sub-projects into one large kanban. The idea here should be within the scope of keeping each issue / task within the size of a post-it note, minus any technical debt, like links and resources. I should make it a habit of doing this at least once a month, with the idea of keeping certain issues open until they get downsized to smaller ones that can be referenced back to the larger ones? I am rambling a bit here while I type away, but I suppose that is the idea of the journal. Keeping written logs and then typing logs?! Ugh.
- 9:00am - As I am resting in my bed, hoping that I do not take a nap, I am thinking through all the small notes that I made and seeing how far I can push the kanban post-it game plan will be an interesting experiment. 
- 9:20am - Created an issue regarding the A to Z of FinTech. I am going to try and keep dual set of logs, a bit of double accounting style with how I approach each unit within the kanban board. 
- 10:22am - Quickly rolled a SPY $442 call for Monday , quick $50 and rolled 2 TSLA $270 put for $800. Completely forgot to do my Friday specials xD, dumped all that extra cash into O, for about 13 shares, which is another $3.30 additional monthly income. 
- 10:30am - Twitch Mockup / Builder concept notes? Maybe that could be placed into a tools -> stream concept? Where we could generate a bunch of pre-built renders / concepts for people. 
- EOD - n8n is a monster when it comes to debugging certain types of situations, but it seems that I was able to get the duplicate GitHub triggers resolved for now.

## Quote

> The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
> — <cite>Kahlil Gibran</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [x] Resolve n8n bug.