---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "July : 02"
category: Daily
date: 2023-07-02
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1685438436929-108c5050855d?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for July, 02 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes
### 2023
- 5:45pm - Going through all my monthly statements, just to make sure that everything will be paid off. I have to contact my insurance agent soon too, as I want to see if I can get a further discount on my car insurance. Usually I pay 6 months in advance, hopefully she can find me a better rate. 
- 5:50pm - Having some minor flowbite issues, I am thinking that I will add their react library and call the javascript that I need directly within the jsx file for the time being. I have it noted and I will go back and alter it when I get some time. This would be a hot fix but I need to get the basic login working within Unity. I also noticed that this login solution will not work for WebGL games, but in that situation, I will just use the ReactUnity to handle that. I am like not too far from just rebuilding a cyperpunk neopets lmao.
- 9:00pm - I am thinking of cooking some ramen with spinach and egg! I am currently looking for recipes to work with. I am thinking of cooking the ramen and then add the layer of spinach near the end? Hmm, now there are a couple ways I could go about cooking this but I wanted to make sure I do not over cook the noodles or the eggs. I am a bit too lazy to weight out the spinach, so I am just going to throw all of it.

## Quote

> Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
> — <cite>Richard Bach</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]