---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "July : 06"
category: Daily
date: 2023-07-06
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1685945719932-8048cbc68ec2?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for July, 06 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

### 2023
- 9:30am - Quick coffee trip before sitting down for a meeting and programming session. My general go to breakfast is some egg-form sandwich, coffee and sugar free red bulls!
- 10:00am - Looks like a minor update came out for Astro! Going to read through that and then update the website. I am thinking I might also go back and migrate the RareIcon.com website from the general node package manager to yarn.
- 11:25am - Saving the minor updates to RareIcon.com, I need to extend out the general typescript paths and condense the components into a smaller form factor that I can reference easier. I believe that pathing / dynamic routing will be next on the update sheet!
- 11:27am - The next couple hours I will begin looking back at the Unity async loading problem and see if I can figure out a better way to load the components. The next step was to use vContainers with unitask, so that the loading would be a bit faster between the scenes.
- 2:30pm - Got the basic of the stream up and running! It has been such a long time since I had it online, I think it will be a solid edition to have within the KBVE eco-system. I will try to live stream my coding sessions more often.
- 4:45pm - Setting up the Vuplex javascript library on KBVE.com, so that we can reference it inside of Unity. The current plan is to use a JWT session between the Vuplex instance and the Unity instance, but that can change later down the line, depending on how we move forward with it. 
- 5:30pm - Going to make some issue statements regrading on-going errors, updates or concerns with the stream. This might be a good way to keep things organized, so that we can keep everything organized and not all over the place. 
- 10:00pm - Before I forget, I have to create an issue ticket regarding the notification system. We will want to extend this out to RJ and our future games, as well as the future websites that we build.

## Quote

> The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
> — <cite>Socrates</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ] Async Unity Loading