---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "July : 13"
category: Daily
date: 2023-07-13
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1689091280245-bb78e45f3f6e?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for July, 13 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

### 2023
- 6:00am - Getting up and ready! I believe the major goal for the day is to get through about a couple of the issue tickets and organize some of the cloud functions. I should move the older set of functions into a private github repo and then test the deployment of them through there. There might be some issues with how deployment would work within the scope of hybrid repos, where the sub-modules would be from hidden repos or 3rd party locations, but I suppose that is the part where we learn and find out.
- 6:05am - The automated deployment will be a bit interesting because there are a couple different active entities that would be called, so it can create a bit of confusion, as there would be a decent chunk of vastly different moving parts. Software does not always like to work together, but with enough safety checks and cross communication, we should be able to get the majority of the concept and MVP up and running. We are soon reaching the time of a massive launch, it will feel great to come out of the shadow with massive swings into the public realm. I suspect there will be a bit of delay and bug abusing within the first couple months, but there will be a great burden that will be lifted. Seeing all the software perform and slowly coming together is amazing. 

## Quote

> Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
> — <cite>Helen Keller</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]