---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "July : 18"
category: Daily
date: 2023-07-18
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1687511016334-bccc4df63130?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for July, 18 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

- 8:00am - Before I begin the pipeline for the Android build, I need to make sure that the keys are setup in the right way. The path that I will end up taking will be to utilize the Github Actions to build the APK, or I could go through with a private Gitlab instance? However I was planning to build multiple applications and I wanted to make sure some of the projects are open source for future programmers to look through.
- 2:28pm - Double checking all my positions within the market and I am a bit sad that this feels closer to a bear trap. I wonder if the feds will keep increasing the rates and how it will impact the rest of 2023.
- 3:48pm - At this current rate, even adding an additional 16 shares of WPC took around $1000 in capital. This means that I will have to start doing R&D and finding other ways to increase the amount of capital that I can generate. I might have to enter another realm of hustling, but I do miss those days lately, being behind this computer screen is slowly reaching some of its peak. I can sense the burnout coming down the line within the next couple months, hmm, I will have to figure out something short term, at least to generate another $4000 a month. 
- 5:33pm - I think I will take a break from the PC really quick and do some chores. Laundry and mowing the lawn sound like they be great tasks to do really quick! 

## Quote

> A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
> — <cite>Len Wein</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]