---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "July : 22"
category: Daily
date: 2023-07-22
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1677080946126-99bbc7b19747?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for July, 22 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

### 2023
- 7:35am - The goal for this weekend will be to finish up most of the basics within RentEarth and get it up to date. This includes the login, register and general profile scope for now. We want to at least get the bare components resolved and then work on expanding the rest. I am not too sure if I want to add SSO to the website for now, but it might be something that I will look into in the future. 
- 8:27am - We would look or make the minion class to be that of all encompassing? That does not feel like it would be the best, hmm. Okay as I am re-writing this out, I am thinking that it would make more sense to isolate the possible commands into different tasks, yet how would we handle the data that is being sent over? Would there have to be specific styles of input/output per say that we would have to handle? Like are we sending a `Data` map/array filled with different atoms , i.e string, number, boolean? There still has to be some level of logic and thought to this, one that makes the most sense. 
- 9:00am - While I am programming, I am listening to a couple different podcasts with some lofi-jams and it is nearly perfect, I really should just stream this as a 24/7 style session, where its just random podcasts and the lofi-beat. Granted there would be some copyright issues, so I suppose we would have to have someone break down the podcasts and provide input? Like a deep dive style where we take a single podcast episode and expand it out by going deeper into the content. 
- 11:08am - Got my coffee and moved up some of the pipelines that were in private/public. We are making progress in some areas but are still a bit held back in others, specifically the client storage. I am still working out the logical flow on how we should handle it all, but maybe isolating it all into different files might not be the best idea. I will try to keep it small and easy for now.
- 2:04pm - I have returned back to my programming zone. The next task would be to setup `v0id` and `minion`. With void being the main task handler and minion being the task wrapper. I do need to transfer over some of the written notes that I have to this journal sheet but damn sometimes I am just getting lazy, huh. 

## Quote

> But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
> — <cite>Ernest Hemingway</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ] Finish RentEarth Login / Register