---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "July : 28"
category: Daily
date: 2023-07-28
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1690221115995-8c80b43aac01?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for July, 28 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

- 10:00am - The VContainer and general injection seems to be too much of an issue right now within Unity 2021, so I am going to take a different approach and try to see if I can get Unity 2022 with DOTS to help resolve the issue? There are two ways we can go about this, one would be to build out the netcode and continue to use 3rd party integrations OR we could start a new project under the Unity 2022 and migrate 2021 assets over. There would be some drawbacks, as if Opsive might not work as well in 2022, but we can just let those go for the time being. I will continue to go through the C# codebase and see what I can do on that end.
- 11:15am - I am still having some issues with dependency injections, so I might take a look at the 2nd option this weekend and see where I can get with it.  The injections were plan to be done via the VContainer but DOTS really seems to be production ready.
- 4:00pm - Looks like my put insurance has done great wonders this week, but next week might seem a bit more rough. I will let them expire gracefully and look back at it Monday.
- 4:36pm - Currently updating to the latest Unity 2022.3 LTS on this laptop, but it might not have enough ram to handle everything that I want to do. For now we will run with both and see where we can get within the scope of a weekend or two. There still needs to be a couple updates that have to be done on the main website, so that it can interact with the Unity, but I could sync those updates, such that it would work on both scenes without any major issue. The scene management and naming structure would have to still remain the same, so there has to be abstract documentation that can help keep track of the different scenes. We will keep to at least 5 general scenes, which would be the Menu, Base, Island, City and Misc? I suppose there could be a bit more edits here and there but these should work fine for the time being. 

## Quote

> It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
> — <cite>William Shakespeare</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]