---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "July : 21"
category: Daily
date: 2023-07-21
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1688396701246-4536d184eb8f?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for July, 21 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

- 9:00am - Going to do a couple quick rounds of the `H` but honestly it seems to be getting a bit boring and out of place. I definitely need something a bit more rewarding or well obtuse, maybe it might be time to hit that cookie clicker flow per say. 
- 12:20pm - Friday! Time to roll some of the TSLA calls/puts out for another week, I have to be careful on how far out I extend them, as I only have a couple thousand dollars to work with. This is okay for the time being as my REITs monthly income has been growing really well this past few months but I want it to grow faster. I should aim for around $10,000 a month within the next 2-3 years.
- 1:14pm - Going to run a couple quick games of the new Arena game mode on League of Legends aka the `H`. As for the official plans, I believe moving forward we will be naming the game `RentEarth` as we build out the website.
- 10:54pm - Went through a decent chunk of the backlogs, addressing a couple major concerns and I will have another chunk to add into the current list. There was a Coolify issue that I needed to address, which caused an error in the way we were storing the secrets, but a quick roll back was able to handle that. This does mean that I will have to look over the backup system and maybe implement a whole new one. 

## Quote

> Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
> — <cite>Harriet Lerner</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [x] Backlog Clean Up