---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "July : 31"
category: Daily
date: 2023-07-31
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1689157611532-5cc61e96cc0f?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for July, 31 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

- 9:30am - Prepare legal documents for my uncle? Ugh this was a task that I hate doing because talking to lawyers has always been a pain. 
- 10:33am - I need to redo my gym schedule, I might have to do something a bit more hardcore and maybe do the duel trips? Aim for both a day and night trip, just to get out of the house and get some more data on FSD. 
- 2:30pm - The lag on league of legends is starting to get to me! It just seems to be way too much recently, the spikes are a bit draining. 
- 2:37pm - I will finish up this basic account page and get it functional enough to push to the main branch. 
- 3:06pm - I noticed that I was running out of space on my computer, so I think it might be time to do a bit of quick cleaning. I was at 72gb free and now I am at 134gb free, however I could remove some of the games on my computer but we all know that will not be happening. Cleaned up my downloads folder and now I am at around 170gb free. This should be enough for now, once I tackle my github folder, that will sum up a decent chunk.
- 9:05pm - The most recent `patch-july-30-2023` patch was a bit too much code, I am going to scale it back to smaller patches, so that there will not be massive changes inside of just one patch.

## Quote

> For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
> — <cite>Judy Garland</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]