---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "August : 05"
category: Daily
date: 2023-08-05
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1689308271349-e685f6ec405a?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for August, 05 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

- 6:45pm - All my chores are done and I believe it might be time for a couple quick league matches. I did some off the record journal entries because I wanted to take a bit of a break from the screen, so I will have to migrate them back to this md document. I feel like this is one of the only major drawbacks with doing a daily journal, it is trying to remember to take your physical notes and then convert them over to a digital format. I suppose the other side of it is realizing some of the notes are a bit stupid, but then again, even if they are a bit out of the norm, it might still make sense to document them. 
- 6:49pm - Should I go AP shaco or another round of tank shaco? Hmm, I also think the two new skins are okay, they could have done a bit more with the effects, I feel like the animation game was a bit weak but that might be just on my end. About to hit that 2 million mastery, which is a bit scary to think about. 
- 6:59pm - After I finish up the tag system, I should go back and refactor some of the media content, maybe that might give me a really good static API base to work with. One of the random ideas that I was thinking to add into the Discord music bot was to pull the json data for the YouTube content and basically play music from those tags? I could do a `musicbot` specific tag and extend it out? Hmm, I suppose how would I go about a duel tag search, so if object is on tag A and tag B? I guess this goes into the relationship style of tagging, such that, multiple entities could be linked via cross-tag. These are some questions that I have to think through as I build it out.
- 9:51pm - Seeing Futurama come back after being canceled over and over, I am surprised and somewhat glad the show is back... ugh again after being canceled? So far it is exactly the perfect balance of science and meme.  
- 10:36pm  - Going to sync the patch and preparing the next patch for tomorrow.

## Quote

> Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
> — <cite>Will Rogers</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]