---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "August : 04"
category: Daily
date: 2023-08-04
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1689192727536-a0e1299a73bd?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for August, 04 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes
### 2023
- 3:07pm - Going to look over the `account` mdx files and see if there are any additional templates, widgets and/or tooling needed before adding the r3f.
- 4:15pm - I was going through the `application` content folder to prepare for the tag folder and I am thinking that I might switch it up and try a complex structure. The first step would be to being the folder for the tags, which I will place under the `tags` and then under the `pages`, I will make a folder that is `t` which will be a slug-based id system? That could be one option, damn I just realized that I am tackling two different issues insides of the same patch. This would be a foul play in the management of the patch style of development, because I am jumping from one issue to another without having it referenced. 
- 5:54pm - The tag system is coming out a bit better than I was expecting, I am debating if I want to use the `Canvas.astro` as the base layout for the tag system OR if I should create a new layout for them? I think the best step would be to start with the base of `Canvas.astro` and then go back and refactor the tag system to use a custom `Tag.astro`. 
- 8:04pm - A minor update on the RSPS project, it seems that prices are still falling, the value of effort and reward is also diminishing a bit faster than I was expecting. This is a common problem that I feel like all MMORPGs will have, where the inflation will get more and more rampant, such that, the overall value of the effort diminishes. I think it is always interesting to see how a virtual world handles their economic activity and compare it to our physical realm. 

## Quote

> One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
> — <cite>Seneca the Younger</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]