---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "August : 14"
category: Daily
date: 2023-08-14
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1690228835779-8482c60093bf?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for August, 14 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes
### 2023
- 5:00am - SSS. Honestly, I might 
- 6:30am - Going to prepare my notes for a quick meeting for work and I really need to make sure that I get some of the Appwrite functions ready for the hackathon later this weekend.
- 8:00am - A bit of a brutal start for the pre-market, I am surprised that TSLA has slipped so low, it will make for an interesting end of the year, will it hold the $230+ line or will it slip all the way down to the lower bounds of $200? Only time will tell, but there has been a ton of random memes and conspiracy theories floating around. My favorite so far is the one that Elon will buy $X , because he wants the ticker symbol! However, that could really be market manipulation.
- 2:00pm - Spaces time! Going to listen to the X Spaces for the AI hackathon.
- 2:42pm - It was definitely not the best talk to attend, I felt like it was a bit all over the place, honestly it did give me a couple cool concepts/ideas for a future concept. 
- 3:45pm - Spending most of the day going over the flowchart and outlining a complete CI/CD deployment of Appwrite functions from a Github repo. 
- 10:20pm - Finished a quick league session! Oh earlier in the day, I had a 1v1 match with Fudster, the record is 0-1, with me losing! However I know that I did not pick the best runes for the 1v1 and my itemization was not really the best, if I can make wave clearing a bit easier for me then I could easily win the next round. 
## Quote

> Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
> — <cite>Thomas Haynes Bayly</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]