---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "August : 31"
category: Daily
date: 2023-08-31
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1690736159167-b00621eba9f6?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for August, 31 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes
### 2023
- 8:00am - I been a bit behind this week at work so I should start to redo my schedule of actions and maybe block more time for work. I am also a bit behind on some of Amazon's newer cloud tech, they keep releasing new stacks and its a bit over kill at this point.
- 4:00pm - Getting EFS / Elastic File Search to work outside of the Amazon VPC is definitely better now than what it was like in 2016. But know I am looking into the RDS structure once more and it makes more sense that this might just be over engineered. I might just step back and look at a different approach to handling the file system. 
- 7:15pm - Our team did amazing for the Ai Agent hackathon! I am glad that we placed 3rd and I am really excited to see where we go from here, as this might open so many interesting doors that I am not yet ready to expect. On one hand, I do not want to over run myself with any form of ego, but I really think we have an amazing group of developers and the pressure that hackathons bring has a nice touch of anti-procrastination forced into it. Sometimes the competition brings a different level of human nature into the mixture, it creates a sort of excitement and the publicity that comes with it is also a great cherry on top.

## Quote

> When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective.
> — <cite>George Marshall</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]