---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "September : 01"
category: Daily
date: 2023-09-01
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1524309686920-ec0f7f2b1cc5?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for September, 01 of each year.
tags:
  - daily
---

## Notes
### 2023
- 9:40am - Looks like I got assigned again on $DIS, never thought I would have a collection of Walt stocks this early, I suppose I will just keep rolling them until I get a chance to offload them. I had to close a couple of the puts at a lose because it might over allocate my capital into just one basket. There are some weights and parameters that I need to tweak because the wash sales implementation is too rough and needs to be improved. \
- 11:00am - I am starving and I really need to get something to eat, my stomach is crying in pain for some of those calories. Should I get a classic taylor ham, egg and cheese bagel or should I mix it up with an egg and bacon wrap? These are the real questions that I want Ai to help resolve. 
- 1:15pm - The Appwrite function fix for now seems to be fine! As long as we can deploy our functions, then we should not see any huge issues coming up for the next hackathon. I should try not burn myself out, but I am getting a bit excited to see the future of their functions and how they will evolve.
- 3:30pm - I will spend a decent amount of time helping `Erni` onboard to our team, so that we have another solid developer join our ranks! He was a great addition for the Music hackthon by coming in clutch and resolving the browser extension build issue. 
- 4:40pm - The real solution here would be to just move away from him using Debian and give him a VPS to mess around with and get a better feel for the project. We have some spare resources and it would make sense for him to use the same unix operating system as the rest of us, granted Debby is not too far off from Ubuntu, as they are in the same family but there are some minor tweaks that we do not want to spend too much time working out. 
- 5:30pm - Gave him a slot in the OVH dedicated server with his own little VPS, but I do not plan to keep that around, after a couple weeks, I will remove that and we will implement a new system for it. I suppose adding a test case and a more standardization for VPS allocation will always be an issue that I want to resolve. 
- 8:15pm - After setting up NodePy and going over the different test casing, we noticed that the performance of the nested emulation was definitely a lot slower than what we were expecting. It might make sense to maybe find another path to take with the emulation and security.
- 9:00pm - I am going to get some sleep a bit early today because I want to get up super early and get back to my normal schedule. Its going to be a bit rough but I have some tips and tricks that help me get back into the early bird flow.

## Quote

> Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
> — <cite>Thích Nhất Hạnh</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [x] - Prepare the funds for Charles.