---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "September : 12"
category: Daily
date: 2023-09-12
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1691862867327-d07c3fe827f5?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for September, 12 of each year.
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes
### 2023
- 8:49am - Backend updates should be automated but I am running into a couple different issues, including the backups and data management. The next move would be to build out self-hosted Github runners that we could call within the repo? They would handle the migration of data but outside the scope or control of Github. Furthermore, I think there should be a backup plan for the Github repos themselves, which I have noted.
- 11:30am - First time in a while where we had a solid lunch with the co-workers, I am always excited to hear the interesting hobbies that people are involved in! I did not know that you could easily build your own in-house hardware because circuit boards can be printed on demand per unit?! I knew it was a service but never realized that it is not just a B2B but a growing B2C operations.
- 1:09pm - Watching the Apple event! It makes me want to make apps for their products a bit more, its like a motivational speech for tech nerds.
- 1:36pm - Adding Scene management into virtual engine file, I am also thinking of just making the whole VE file be something that I can reference almost anywhere in the future. It feels weird to merge everything into just one file but slowly it just seems to make more sense as I am going through it. 

## Quote

> But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.
> — <cite>Thomas Jefferson</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ]