---
layout: ../../layouts/theme/mdx.astro
title: "Daily Wednesday : 2023-05-10"
category: Daily
date: 2023-05-10
client: Self
img: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1682553064442-272b63b5a541?fit=crop&q=85&w=1400&h=700
description: Daily Log for 2023-05-10
tags:
- daily
---

## Notes

- 10:00am - SSS - *Sh!t, Shower and shave* and out the door! My last official day in India and its giving me the feels. I am going to miss this place for the time being, the society, the flow and the memories. I suppose I will not miss the random cow dung, monkeys throwing dung and the historic slums but the light and darkness create a vibrant eco-system that I can only define as karma. 
- 12:00pm - Going through the general updates for the website, I can not seem to get a basic or static result from the pagespeed tests, they keep throwing me into a random loop of scores. Sometimes I am hitting high 90s and then several sessions later, I am hitting low 60s? I can not tell if its Google or Ezoic (which is displaying Google ads?) or Cloudflare or something that I messed up within my UI/UX. The best course of action might be to just disable everything and then slowly add back content that helps with the flow. Okay lets remove the splash and the general advertisement above the fold! Maybe that might help with the flow of the website and the content. 
- 1:00pm - I removed the splash page, the floating buttons and added aria-labels to the footer buttons. I am going to go through the code base for the main page again and see if I can remove anything else that I will not need for the time being. I will have to update the Oracle component as well and have all the images load at an extremely lazy method, as they are taking a bunch of resources and data up that we do not need to offer. I suppose we could just remove all of the background images for the specific listing and place more gradient style backgrounds with slow loading images upon the hover? We could also swap the idea of a light/dark mode with a slim and heavy mode? Where the website loads with a simple bases and then if they press the heavy, it then takes them to the app. The concept we are going for might be to keep the astro layout as simple and fast as possible! With the visual aesthetics and heavy performance inside of the flutter application. 
- 1:30pm - Upgrading Astro to 2.4.4, Appwrite's Pink library to 0.0.6 RC-12. and the Astro sitemap to 1.3.1. While I am able to upgrade the components and the general website, the cache for the website does not seem to update. I will have to create a new action within Github to clear the Ezoic cache. I could have the cache get cleared via n8n or through AppWrite but I feel like having it done via Github actions would make the most sense. The idea being that we want to put the least amount of stress on our own private systems and offload as much and as many tasks to 3rd party tools and/or applications. The trade off is worth it in the long term, as we expand our collection of websites, we can make sure that the scaling will not hold back our system.

## Quote

> Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
> — <cite>Francis Bacon</cite>

---

## Tasks

- [ ] Get onto a plane.